# Network-traffic-feature-library-of-smart-home-devices
Internet activities are represented by alternating communication between clients (iot devices) and servers in a request-response manner. Each type of event is uniquely identified by a pair (or longer sequence) of exchanged packets of a specific length. With the help of PingPong tool, the packet size and direction characteristics of smart home traffic can be extracted to establish corresponding on/off event fingerprints for five devices: Xiaomi intelligent camera, Xiaomi smart socket, Mijia LED bulb, Aqara LED bulb, and Aqara door and window sensor.

Each folder named after the device contains the pcap file, the timestamp file, and the generated signature log. The pcap file records the server and device interaction traffic (including background traffic) collected when the automation script clickers.sh operates the device. The timestamp file holds the current printed time when clickers.sh was executed. The PingPong tool automatically generates a signature log based on the pcap file and the timestamp file, which contains the signatures of the device on/off events.

It should be noted that the on/off signature of Xiaomi smart socket is different from other devices. Because the PingPong tool does not consider the case that a packet pair of a specific length may appear twice in a row between the server and the device, its on/off signature is 223(C-S) 143(S-C). The opening and closing of Aqara door and window sensor are continuous actions. After testing, the signature of this continuous action is 198(C-S) 120(S-C) 197(C-S) 120(S-C).

ps：Since device firmware is updated irregularly, its signature may change slightly. Therefore, the signatures presented in this paper are generated based on existing data. If researchers need to obtain the latest signature, they can regenerate it according to the data they collect.
